part3 typo (#474)
smart-data-lake/smart-data-lake: docs/getting-started/part-3/custom-webservice.md

:::info
The *begin* and *end* can now be configured for each airport separatly. 
The configuration expects unix timestamps, if you don't know what that means, have a look at this [website](https://www.unixtimestamp.com/).

> This webservice will not respond if the interval is larger than a week. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webservice from opensky-network.org will not respond if the interval is larger than a week. 
```
